chore: generated CHANGELOG for release v52.7.0 (#3457)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 52.7.0 - July 30, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

> - Introduce 3 new Apex Test Suite related commands to the command palette ([PR #3435](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3435))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add commands `SFDX: Create Apex Test Suite`, `SFDX: Add Tests to Apex Test Suite`, and `SFDX: Run Apex Test Suite` ([PR #3435](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3435))
```

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Add command to logout of default org ([PR #3428](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3428))

Reviewer 2: @AnanyaJha and @sbudhirajadoc - Should we add the actual command name for the logout to be consistent with the changelog entry for the Apex commands we added?  I feel like we might as well include the command name.  Thoughts?

Author: ```suggestion
- Add command `SFDX: Log Out from Default Org` ([PR #3428](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3428))
```
